Override `padding-right` of `MuiTablePagination` to fix DataGrid pagination select styling (#2396)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/long-dolls-shake.md

---
"@comet/admin-theme": patch
---

> Override `padding-right` of `MuiTablePagination`
> 
> This fixes the styling of the pagination select in `DataGrid`s.
> Previously, the text and icon stuck together.

Reviewer: I think this would be a bit simpler and the details of the `padding` and exact component are not really relevant to users of comet. 

```suggestion
Fix spacing between page number and chevron icon in the pagination select of `DataGrid`
```
